feat: add .editorconfig for consistent formatting across editors (#112)
camaraproject/tooling: workspace-config/README.md

## Adoption

To adopt these configurations in an API repository:

1. Copy `.editorconfig` and `.gitattributes` into the repository root.
2. Copy `.gitignore-template` to the repository root and rename it to `.gitignore`. Merge with any existing `.gitignore` entries the repo already has.
3. Commit and push.

If the repository already contains files with CRLF line endings, a separate normalization PR should be created after `.gitattributes` is in place — see [#113](https://github.com/camaraproject/tooling/issues/113) for the migration approach.

## How the files work together

- `.editorconfig` guides editors to use the correct settings **while editing**, so contributors produce correctly formatted files from the start.
- `.gitattributes` acts as a **safety net at the Git layer** — even if an editor writes CRLF, Git normalizes to LF on commit.
- `.gitignore` keeps OS junk and editor artifacts out of version control.

## Alignment with linting rules

The `.editorconfig` settings are derived from the existing linting configurations in [`linting/config/`](../linting/config/):

> - **YAML** indent/whitespace rules match [`.yamllint.yaml`](../linting/config/.yamllint.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **YAML** indent/whitespace rules are compatible with [`.yamllint.yaml`](../linting/config/.yamllint.yaml)
```

> - **Gherkin** indent rules match [`.gherkin-lintrc`](../linting/config/.gherkin-lintrc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Gherkin** indent rules match [`.gplintrc`](../linting/config/.gplintrc)
```
